With the advent of the smart media era, mobile news applications have started to gain attention as a new method of news
consumption. Although initial mobile news was nothing but a mobile version of old media outlets, SNS has attracted
attention in recent years as a news delivery medium thanks to the massive spread of smart devices and the diffusion 
of SNS.SNS news service, a horizontal network of journalism driven by prosumers, was able to secure an overwhelming 
advantage in the speed race. However, this type of news release based on the premise of public consensus may cause 
errors in judgment in the process of news consumption due to things such as herd mentality, etc. . SNS news services 
such as ¡®Yolk News¡¯ launched recently in an attempt to build a device that can guarantee reliability, and are expected 
to develop into a form in the future where consumers can make judgments independently by putting various pieces of news
 together from different angles. Old media will take time to screen the news for theirplatform, but they are excellent in
 service quality and objectivity since they are produced by professional groups pursuing journalism. However, they are
 also subject to the risk of false reporting and loss of confidence triggered by the speed competition and are now 
losingground as SNS news services have recently gained confidence beyond expectation. This suggests that the old media 
should give up the speed competition with SNS news services and need to evolve in a direction to secure objectivity 
and reliability of the news while maintaining a suitable level of news delivery speed. In recent years, there has 
appeared a new form of news purely focusing on the value of the news, destroying both the speed and the objectivity 
of the news. Applications such as ¡®New Square¡¯ are attracting attention as a new form of news-on-demand by providing 
news in a storytelling manner, allowing readers to be able to identify the sequence and context of events at a glance.
